---
layout: post
title:  "Bird City Brunswick"
date:   2024-06-04 21:55:40 -0400chr
categories: daily
---

Tonight I went to the Bird City Brunswick (BCB) meeting at the library. Since BCB and Sustainable Brunswick (SB) have a fair amount of mission overlap, this might technically be the second time I've met with this group. These are great people and I hope that I can help in some way. 

Developing a WordPress website for BCB or SB before a meeting at Othello Park in July might be the first actual deliverable for me. It likely doesn't have to be beautiful. Sarah is more interested in "information dissemination", so maybe I can fill out a sketch with information from the meeting minutes until we decide where to publish it. 

There are other potential needs that I noted in the meeting. One is around using Google to share notes and create surveys. Part of me wants to apply what GISCorps is doing for administrative tasks to this group and help apply some kind of governance early. However, we just need to meet people and get out into the community, so perhaps this is just me wanting to inject technology into everything. 

The last thing I noted in this and the previous meeting is a place for mapping. Finding a simple, free way to quickly let them do some mapping and get into their website or do some analysis (e.g., canopy coverage within Brunswick for Bird City criteria) is vital. A lot of the standard GIS analysis can be done in QGIS, but I think either going custom or working with Felt/Google is worth investigating.

***TODO***
* Ask Sarah for a tour of the community garden and get my name down for chores. Maybe Joe will need a hand (or donations) for drip irrigation equipment.
* Get meeting minutes from Sarah to help stub out upcoming events and write a post with links to the minutes? Keeping everything as open as possible seems like a good policy to adop early.
* Come up with development schedule to make WordPress deadline in July.



